chore(docs): plugin contentful - fix brand name, code blocks for names (#28915)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-source-contentful/README.md

### Query for a single node

> To query for a single `image` asset with the title `'foo'` and a width of `1600`px:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To query for a single `image` asset with the title `'foo'` and a width of 1600px:
```
